Do you have anything to say?
Yeah.
What name would you like to take?
name
70 years old, you are really a noble person who forgets things
Our investment plan was a complete success
The old slave wants to use the funds
Create a large chamber of commerce
Use this money
Invest in the next project
Then call him Huaqing Chamber of Commerce
What do these two words mean?
It's always like this
Our goal is to take Wanjia as the root
More than 10,000 houses across Kyushu
Go global
As expected of the eldest young master
You have such grand plans
The old slave must go all out
Say I miss you
What are you talking about?
Oh, by the way, Nie Yuanwu has come down
Someone should take his place
What do you think, sir?
This location
It's a substitute
Amami Richest
It is a symbol of Amami
This position is indispensable
I do have one
Candidate
Who is it? Chen Zhixiong, Chairperson of Dingtai Group